Update Lightning Lite docs (4/n) (#16246)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/fabric/fabric.rst

----------

********************
Fabric Configuration
********************

> Fabric is specialized in accelerated distributed training and inference. It offers you convenient ways to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fabric is designed to accelerate distributed training and inference. It makes it easy to configure your device and communication strategy, and and to switch seamlessly from one to the other.```

    fabric = Fabric(plugins=[MyCluster()], ...)

callbacks
=========

A callback class is a collection of methods that the training loop can call at a specific point in time, for example, at the end of an epoch.
Add callbacks to Fabric to inject logic into your training loop from an external callback class.

.. code-block:: python

    class MyCallback:
        def on_train_epoch_end(self, results):
            ...

You can then register this callback, or multiple ones directly in Fabric:

.. code-block:: python

    fabric = Fabric(callbacks=[MyCallback()]))

Then, in your training loop, you can call a hook by its name. Any callback objects that have this hook will execute it:

.. code-block:: python

    # Call any hook by name

>     fabric.call("on_train_epoch_end", results={...})

Reviewer 2: That means that all callbacks ideally support `**kwargs` to store undesired arguments for other callbacks right? Can we also pass positional arguments or just keyword args?

Author: Right now, all callbacks need to consistently accept the same args. That restriction is probably reasonable. We don't have special handling of args/kwargs right now

Author: In the doc I just added

"Pass in additional arguments that the hook requires"

Which should make it clear that if they are required, you need to pass them in. This implies your *args **kwargs handling needs to behave accordingly. 

We may want to inspect signatures and improve error messaging in the future

    fabric = Fabric(plugins=[MyCluster()], ...)

callbacks
=========

> The callback system allows you to inject logic into your training loop from an external callback class.
> A callback class is a collection of methods that the training loop can call at a specific point, for example, at the end of an epoch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback class is a collection of methods that the training loop can call at a specific point in time, for example, at the end of an epoch.
Add callbacks to Fabric to inject logic into your training loop from an external callback class.
```

- xla

For these, the context manager falls back to a no-op and emits a warning.

call
====

Use this to run all registered callback hooks with a given name and inputs.
It is useful when building a Trainer that allows the user to run arbitrary code at fixed points in the training loop.

.. code-block:: python

    fabric = Fabric(callbacks=[MyCallback()]))

    # Call any hook by name

>     fabric.call("on_train_epoch_end", results={...})

Reviewer 2: here it is not clear, why you pass in `results`. IMO you should include a dummy callback that at least shows the signature for `on_train_epoch_end` and mention this specifically. Or at least link to the callbacks section for more details

Author: Addressed!
